ready so deep it most of it up here does
it take Carla a young d understand me
does that me on this August rated
project that they got going on Joe Stan
me and I'm here then Dawson and I think
they got a women you'll still be I've
been a lot of projects we love me like
you know when something's real and this
is real and the more places to be down
here with these data that's going on
right now they're filming for my nigga
out bc d business you don't upset BAM
that's the dust that's the grandfather
nice to Grand center right there you're
gonna be a legend a legend in the making
all right let me sit together man are we
ready Hey look at one is no deep film on
shrimp on American p I you know what it
mean baby dipping in the house okay
don't stand me up here then I brought me
down here to send a call away from
California San Francisco Calif uddin the
indulge my grandson grandson grandson I
took this out distill uh you know
introduction to the album man why here
the first of all I'm going to track he
got feel motor man himself Mike we bring
the tea orchestrate a guy get a dose of
this trap money entertainment is our
debt trap money bitch yeah checking
traps oh yeah yeah trap money
entertainer I love this guy yes oh damn
it the rest you guys down the OG and a
young g yes Yun Jie's okay gonna stand
for a lot of people that's what it is
no one's look at this outlet generation
get more than yours at me
Davalos functions for from the truth
feel me Gibby I did you leave
swimming rational Saturday sitting on
the hooded racks I'm not gonna million
who dis looking to control the cycle